## AgriFoodSupply

Supply chains are evolving into automated and highly complex networks and are becoming an important source of potential benefits in the modern world. At the same time, consumers are now more interested in food product quality. The globalized production and the distribution of agriculture production bring a renewed focus on the safety, quality, and the validation of several important criteria in agriculture and food supply chain. The growing number of issues related to food safety and contamination risks has established an immense need for effective traceability solution that acts as an essential quality management tool ensuring adequate safety of products in the agricultural supply chain. Low quality agricultural products are added to the market daily. Over usage of chemicals in the production process, use of uncertified chemicals and mechanisms for preservation and ripening processes, are the major issues that impact on agricultural product’s quality as well as overall health of the consumers. Mechanisms to identify the quality of the agricultural products are highly demanded due to the lack of transparency in the current process. Blockchain technology is emerging as a decentralized and secure infrastructure which can replace involvement of a third party to verify the transactions within the system. Blockchain technology is emerging as a decentralized and secure infrastructure which can replace involvement of a third party to verify the transactions within the system. The purpose of the research was to implement a Blockchain based solution to verify the food quality and the origin of the agricultural supply chain. A public Blockchain concept was selected instead of a private Blockchain in this study to ensure transparency by allowing any person to access the network. Instances of the smart contract were created for each physical product and deployed to Blockchain network. A Quick Response code which contained the address of the instance, was a reference to the virtual product. All the actors who are involved in the supply chain must be able to interact with the system to achieve the transparency. Each transaction and events related to a product is validated by peers of the Blockchain system. Product ownership was changed for each relevant transaction. A token-based mechanism was used to indicate the farmers’ reputation with their products. Farmers could place a certification request regarding their products and, they can gain reputation tokens for each certification done by peers. A unique Quick Response code was used to identify each product within the supply chain. Blockchain can be utilized to enhance both security and efficiency for location-based service in Vehicular Social Networks (VSNs), due to its inherent decentralization, anonymity and trust properties. Unfortunately, the existing approaches either lack effective authentication, which is vulnerable to man-in-the-middle attack, or require an online certificate authority (CA) where frequent interactions with resource-constrained vehicles are required. To address these challenging issues, in this paper, a lightweight threshold CA for consortium blockchain along with a privacy-preserving location-based service protocol in blockchain enforced VSNs is proposed. 
